System requirements

The system contains the following roles, each of which has their own requirements:
- Maintainer
- Manager
- Client/Customer

REQUIREMENTS:

A: The maintainer should be able to …
	A.1: enable and disable a TRACE function in the program. 
		A.1.1: This trace should be user-specific and should show the user’s name, time of log, and each function that was entered/exited in the program (until the user logs out).
		A.1.2: The maintainer should be able to identify what operations the user executed, but not the specific details (e.g., not how much money was transferred).
	A.2: print the TRACE log for any given user.

B: The manager should be able to …
	B.1: display the account balances for any client.
	B.2: display the account balances for all clients.
	B.3: display total aggregate account balances for the entire bank.
	B.4: act as a client (see the section C)

C: The client should be able to …
	B.1: display his/her account balances.
	B.2: open an account of any type.
		B.2.1: The client should be presented with the option to indicate an initial balance for the account.
	B.3: close his/her account of any type.
		B.3.1: the account must be empty for this to be possible.
	B.4: withdraw funds from his/her account.
		B.4.1: If the client attempts to withdraw funds such that his/her balance should fall below $1,000, the system should present a warning. If he/she chooses to proceed, there shall be a $2 fee for this transaction.
		B.4.2: The client should not be allowed to exist in a negative balance. That is to say, there is no credit account and no overdraft protection.
	B.5: deposit funds into an account.
	B.6: transfer funds from one account to another.
	B.7: transfer funds to another client.

D: Non role-based requirements are as such. 
	D.1: Users must be required to log in; once they are logged in, they should be restricted by their current session’s permissions.
	D.2: The first time a client logins in, he/she should be presented to option to create his user account. If he/she opts not to do so, he/she will be logged out.
	D.3: The system should not crash at any time. If an operation fails, failure should be caught safely and the user must be allowed to safely log out.
	D.4: The system should be able to handle an arbitrary number of users.
